certificate_number string,
address1 string,
address2 string,
address3 string,
posttown string,
postcode string,
building_reference_number string,
asset_rating string,
asset_rating_band string,
property_type string,
inspection_date string,
lodgement_date string,
lodgement_datetime string,
transaction_type string,
new_build_benchmark string,
existing_stock_benchmark string,
building_level string,
main_heating_fuel string,
other_fuel_desc string,
special_energy_uses string,
renewable_sources string,
floor_area string,
standard_emissions string,
target_emissions string,
typical_emissions string,
building_emissions string,
aircon_present string,
aircon_kw_rating string,
estimated_aircon_kw_rating string,
ac_inspection_commissioned string,
building_environment string,
report_type string,
type_of_assessment string,
primary_energy_value string,
region string,
country string