rrn string,
address1 string,
address2 string,
address3 string,
postcode string,
inspection_date string,
building_reference_number string,
environment_impact_potential string,
energy_consumption_current string,
energy_consumption_potential string,
environment_impact_current string,
co2_emissions_current string,
co2_emiss_curr_per_floor_area string,
co2_emissions_potential string,
total_floor_area string,
lodgement_date string,
report_type string,
posttown string,
lodgement_datetime string,
current_energy_efficiency string,
current_energy_rating string,
potential_energy_efficiency string,
potential_energy_rating string,
extension_count string,
number_open_fireplaces string,
number_heated_rooms string,
number_habitable_rooms string,
low_energy_lighting string,
low_energy_fixed_lighting_outlets_count string,
solar_water_heating_flag string,
mechanical_ventilation string,
tenure string,
property_type string,
transaction_type string,
construction_age_band string,
built_form string,
energy_tariff string,
glazed_type string,
glazed_area string,
heat_loss_corridor string,
main_fuel string,
unheated_corridor_length string,
floor_level string,
flat_top_storey string,
flat_storey_count int,
mains_gas_flag string,
photo_supply string,
wind_turbine_count int,
lighting_cost_current string,
lighting_cost_potential string,
heating_cost_current string,
heating_cost_potential string,
hot_water_cost_current string,
hot_water_cost_potential string,
multi_glaze_proportion string,
hotwater_description string,
hot_water_energy_eff string,
hot_water_env_eff string,
floor_description string,
floor_energy_eff string,
floor_env_eff string,
roof_description string,
roof_energy_eff string,
roof_env_eff string,
walls_description string,
walls_energy_eff string,
walls_env_eff string,
windows_description string,
windows_energy_eff string,
windows_env_eff string,
secondheat_description string,
sheating_energy_eff string,
sheating_env_eff string,
mainheat_description string,
mainheat_energy_eff string,
mainheat_env_eff string,
mainheatcont_description string,
mainheatc_energy_eff string,
mainheatc_env_eff string,
lighting_description string,
lighting_energy_eff string,
lighting_env_eff string,
fixed_lighting_outlets_count string,
floor_height string,
main_heating_controls string,
uprn_source string,
local_authority_label string,
constituency_label string,
constituency string,
country string,
region string